docs: add aiosqlite and greenlet to requirements for tutorial (#2558)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/tutorials/sqlalchemy/index.rst

Install SQLAlchemy
==================

To follow this tutorial, you will need SQLAlchemy installed. You can install it with ``pip install sqlalchemy aiosqlite greenlet``, or let

> Litestar install it for you by installing the ``sqlalchemy`` extra (e.g., ``pip install 'litestar[standard,sqlalchemy] aiosqlite greenlet'``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Litestar install it for you by installing the ``sqlalchemy`` extra (e.g., ``pip install 'litestar[standard,sqlalchemy] aiosqlite'``).
```
I've tested this on a clean environment - greenlet is available after `python -m pip install 'litestar[standard,sqlalchemy]'`
